h1. Eerie, package manager for Io

Eerie is an attempt to create feature-full package manager for Io, due to lack of working and usable package managers.
Eerie is modelled after "Rip":http://hellorip.com which means that there is no central repository of packages, and that environments
are used as a tool for switching between different versions.

h2. How to install

<pre><code>$ git clone git://github.com/josip/eerie.git
$ cd eerie
$ io setup.io
# Close current terminal session and start a new one or reload your profile
$ . ~/.bash_profile
</code></pre>

Eerie currently ships with a simple <code>eerie</code> command which can do all sorts exciting of things!

<code>$ eerie install git://github.com/josip/generys.git</code>

That will, for example, install the Generys package! How exciting!
For a complete guide on installing and using Eerie check out its "web site":http://josip.github.com/eerie.

h2. Features

h3. Currently implemented

  * Working package manager
  * Converting local files and folders into packages
  * Installing from Git, SVN, Bazaar and Mercurial repositories, as well as tarballs (.tar.bz2, .tar.gz, .7z, , .zip, .rar)
  * Addons with .c files are being compiled and loaded properly
  * All installations are local to the current user, there is no "global mode"
  * Command-line tool

h3. Missing basic features (should be added soon)

  * Installing specific version of a package
  * Documentation
  * Tests

h3. Planned features

  * Ability to locally patch packages, _à la_ "BSD Ports":http://www.freebsd.org/ports/index.html ("see also":http://networking.ringofsaturn.com/Unix/createportpatch.php)
  * Run tests during install
  * Generate documentation
  * Optional central repository (or repositories, like "Ruby Gems":http://rubygems.org/)

